ABBEY   noun

def: a large church together with a group of buildings in which monks or nuns live or lived in the past

Westminster Abbey
a ruined abbey

---------------

ANNIVERSARY   noun

def: a date that is an exact number of years after the date of an important or special event

on the anniversary of his wifes death
to celebrate your wedding anniversary
the theatres 25th anniversary celebrations
The company is celebrating its 100-year anniversary this year. 
Public events will be held to commemorate the anniversary of the end of the Second World War.
They held celebrations to mark the anniversary of Mozart's death.
a yearlong celebration of the 25th anniversary of his company 
The context was the occasion of the 450th anniversary of his birth.

---------------

BELIEF   noun

def: a strong feeling that something/somebody exists or is true; confidence that something/somebody is good or right

 belief in something/somebody I admire his passionate belief in what he is doing.
belief in God/democracy
The incident has shaken my belief (= made me have less confidence) in the police.
 belief that They share a belief that there is life after death.

def: an opinion about something; something that you think is true

 belief that There is a general belief that things will soon get better.
There is a widespread belief that multinationals have too much power.
a widely/commonly held belief
 in the belief that She acted in the belief that she was doing good.
I took the job in the mistaken belief that I would be able to stay in London.
Contrary to popular belief (= in spite of what people may think), he was not responsible for the tragedy.

def: something that you believe, especially as part of your religion

religious/political beliefs
A society should be judged on its beliefs and values.
 belief about something Some people hold beliefs about the world that are not supported by science.

---------------

BELIEVER   noun

def: a person who believes in the existence or truth of something, especially somebody who believes in a god or religious faith 

---------------

BONFIRE   noun

def: a large outdoor fire for burning waste or as part of a celebration

There will be a bonfire and a firework display.
Tell the neighbours before you light the bonfire in case they're in the garden.

---------------

BURY   verb

def: to place a dead body in the ground

 bury somebody/something They killed her and buried her body.
 bury somebody/something + adv./prep. He was buried in Highgate Cemetery.
 (figurative) Their ambitions were finally dead and buried.

def: to lose somebody by death

She's 85 and has buried three husbands.

def: to hide something in the ground

 bury something We used to dig for hours, looking for buried treasure.
They plan to bury a time capsule containing work from every child in the school.
 bury something + adv./prep. The dog had buried its bone in the garden.
The waste is buried deep underground.

def: to cover somebody/something with soil, rocks, leaves, etc.

 bury somebody/something A landslide buried about 25 people yesterday.
 bury somebody/something + adv./prep. The house was buried under ten feet of snow.
Another vehicle was found buried under rubble.
 bury somebody/something + adj. The miners were buried alive when the tunnel collapsed.

def: to cover something so that it cannot be seen

Your letter got buried under a pile of papers.
He buried his face in his hands and wept.

def: to ignore or hide a feeling, a mistake, etc.

She had learnt to bury her feelings.

def: to put something deeply into something else

He walked slowly, his hands buried in his pockets.
She always has her head buried in a book.

---------------

CARNIVAL   noun

def: a public festival, usually one that happens at a regular time each year, that involves music and dancing in the streets, for which people wear brightly coloured clothes

There is a local carnival every year.
the carnival in Rio
a carnival atmosphere

def: a type of entertainment in a field or park at which people can ride on large machines and play games to win prizes                                     

def: an outdoor public event or celebration involving entertainment, games, food and drink, etc., often organized by a town or village

The children are getting ready for the village carnival.
Live music, sports demonstrations and a spectacular parade are all planned for this year's Woodley Carnival.

def: an exciting or brightly coloured mixture of things

this summers carnival of sport

---------------

CATHEDRAL   noun

def: the main church of a district, under the care of a bishop (= a priest of high rank)

St Pauls Cathedral
 (British English) a cathedral city

---------------

CELEBRATION   noun

def: a special event that people organize in order to celebrate something

The occasion was the 40th anniversary celebrations of the orchestra
birthday celebrations
wedding/victory celebrations
I hope you'll join in the Christmas celebrations.
They held a celebration to mark forty years of the lifeboat service.
As part of the celebrations, the school is planning an open day for the public.
They were among the crowd that attended the celebration.
 at a celebration The winners will be honoured at a celebration in Boston next week.

def: the act of celebrating something

Her triumph was a cause for celebration.
 celebration of something The service was a celebration of his life (= praised what he had done in his life).
The city's annual celebration of Caribbean culture kicks off on June 4.
 in celebration of something a party in celebration of their fiftieth wedding anniversary
a day of celebration and national unity

---------------

CEREMONY   noun

def: a public or religious occasion that includes a series of formal or traditional actions

More than 1000 people attended the ceremony.
an awards/opening ceremony
a wedding/marriage/graduation ceremony
a religious/civil ceremony 
The priest had travelled from Australia to perform the ceremony.
 at a ceremony She was last seen in public at the closing ceremony of the Commonwealth Games
Who officiated at the ceremony?
 in a ceremony They were married in a simple ceremony.
 ceremony for somebody/something The villagers held a memorial ceremony for those who lost their lives in the war.
 ceremony to do something There will be a special ceremony to mark the 60th anniversary of the battle.

def: formal behaviour; traditional actions and words used on particular formal occasions

The royal guests were welcomed with pomp and ceremony.

---------------

CHRISTIAN   noun

def: a person who believes in the teachings of Jesus Christ or has been baptized in a Christian church

Only 10% of the population are now practising Christians.
He became a born-again Christian at 40 and turned his back on his misspent youth.

def: the main character in The Pilgrim's Progress by John Bunyan      

---------------

CHRISTIANITY   noun

def: the religion that is based on the teachings of Jesus Christ and the belief that he was the son of God

Christianity spread rapidly in the first century.

---------------

CIVIL   adjective

def: connected with the people who live in a country

civil unrest (= that is caused by groups of people within a country)
civil strife/conflict
There were concerns that the economic reforms might lead to civil unrest.

def: connected with the state rather than with religion or with the armed forces

the recognition of civil unions for same-sex couples
They were married in a civil ceremony.
civil aviation
We have called in the army to assist the civil authorities in rescue operations.

def: involving personal legal matters and not criminal law

a civil court

def: polite in a formal way but possibly not friendly

The less time I have to spend being civil to him the better!

---------------

CONVERT   verb

def: to change or make something change from one form, purpose, system, etc. to another

 convert something They took just nine months to convert the building.
You need to ensure that you've converted the data properly.
The pub is a converted warehouse.
 convert something into something The hotel is going to be converted into a nursing home.
What rate will I get if I convert my dollars into euros?
 convert something to something The system is eco-friendly because the waste heat is converted to electricity.
 convert from something Japan was at the time still converting from an agricultural economy.
 convert into/to something A lot of conventional farmers have converted to organic production.
 convert from something to something We've converted from oil to gas central heating.

def: to be able to be changed from one form, purpose, or system to another

a sofa that converts into a bed
In fruits, starch converts into sugar.

def: to change your religion or beliefs; to make somebody change their religion or beliefs

 convert from something He converted from Catholicism 20 years ago.
 convert to something She converted to Judaism to marry him.
 convert from something to something He converted from Christianity to Islam.
 convert somebody from something Evangelical Christian groups were trying to convert Africans from indigenous religions.
 convert somebody to something She was soon converted to the socialist cause.
 convert somebody from something to something Mongolia was converted from shamanism to Buddhism in the late 16th century.

def: to change an opinion, a habit, etc.

 convert (from something) to something I've converted to organic food.
 convert somebody (from something) (to something) I didn't use to like opera but my husband has converted me.

def: to score extra points after a try or a touchdown

---------------

CUSTOM   noun

def: an accepted way of behaving or of doing things in a society or a community

It's a local custom.
an ancient custom
a burial/marriage custom
a tribal custom
She grew up with Chinese customs and traditions.
 according to custom According to custom, one son inherited all the family property.
 custom of doing something Widows observed the custom of wearing black 
it is the custom for somebody to do something It is the custom in that country for women to marry young.

def: the way a person always behaves 

It was her custom to rise early.
As was his custom, he knocked three times.

def: the fact of a person or people buying goods or services at a shop or business

Thank you for your custom. Please call again.
We've lost a lot of custom since prices went up.

---------------

DECORATION   noun

def: a thing that makes something look more attractive on special occasions

Christmas/festive decorations
Halloween decorations hung from every corner.
cake/table decorations 
We made our own decorations.
Floral decorations adorned the church.
The decorations were taken down and put away for another year.

def: a pattern, etc. that is added to something and that stops it from being plain

the elaborate decoration on the carved wooden door
Decoration is applied to the plates before the final firing.
Ornate decorations embellish the statues.
 for decoration Rings are worn both for decoration and also as signs of status. 

def: the style in which something is decorated

An Oscar was given for the art direction and set decoration.

def: the act or process of decorating something such as the inside of a house by painting it, etc.

def: an award or medal that is given to somebody as an honour

His jacket was heavy with military decorations.
 decoration for something the country's highest decoration for bravery
a decoration for valour/gallantry

---------------

EASTER   noun

def: (in the Christian religion) a Sunday in March or April when Christians remember the death of Christ and his return to life

Many people attend an Easter service at their local church.

def: the period that includes Easter Day and the days close to it

the Easter holidays/vacation

---------------

EASTER EGG   noun

def: chocolate in the shape of an egg that is given as a present and eaten at Easter

def: an egg with a shell that is painted and decorated at Easter                                     

def: a hidden message or feature in a video game, film, comic book, etc. that is not necessary or related to the main content, but adds to the entertainment 

Several Easter eggs are hidden on level two of the game.

---------------

EVIL   adjective

def: enjoying harming others; morally bad and cruel

Police described the killer as a desperate and evil man.
an evil genius/dictator
President Reagan referred to the Soviet Union as the evil empire.
an evil grin
Her face was full of evil intent.

def: having a harmful effect on people; morally bad

evil deeds
In his speech he described the evil effects of racism.

def: connected with the devil and with what is bad in the world

It was an ancient charm to ward off evil spirits.
She had been deceived by an evil demon.

def: extremely unpleasant

The rubbish bin was giving off an evil smell.

---------------

FAITH   noun

def: trust in somebodys ability or knowledge; trust that somebody/something will do what has been promised

If the company can retain its customers' faith, it could become the market leader.
 faith in somebody/something I have faith in youI know you'll do well.
We've lost faith in the government's promises.
Her friend's kindness has restored her faith in human nature.
I wouldn't put too much faith in what she says.
He has blind faith (= unreasonable trust) in doctors' ability to find a cure.

def: strong religious belief

to have faith
to lose your faith
Faith is stronger than reason.
a woman of strong religious faith
 faith in somebody/something He started questioning his faith in God.

def: a particular religion

the Christian/Catholic/Islamic/Muslim/Jewish faith 
The children are learning to understand people of different faiths.
people of all faiths and none

def: the intention to do something right/wrong

They handed over the weapons as a gesture of good faith.
The judge did not find any bad faith on the part of the defendants.

---------------

FANCY DRESS   noun

def: clothes that you wear, especially at parties, to make you appear to be a different character

guests in fancy dress
I went to a fancy-dress party as a pirate.

---------------

FIREWORK   noun

def: a small device containing powder that burns or explodes and produces bright coloured lights and loud noises, used especially at celebrations

 (British English) to let off a few fireworks
 (North American English) to set off a few fireworks
a firework(s) display
The firework spluttered and went out.
They set off fireworks in their back garden.

def: a display of fireworks

When do the fireworks start?
Thousands of people jammed into Peoples Square to watch the fireworks.

def: strong or angry words; exciting actions

There'll be fireworks when he finds out!

---------------

HALLOWEEN   noun

def: the night of 31st October when it was believed in the past that dead people appeared from their graves, and which is now celebrated in the US, Canada and the UK by children who dress as ghosts, witches, etc. 

---------------

HEAVEN   noun

def: the place believed to be the home of God where good people go when they die, sometimes imagined to be in the sky

the kingdom of heaven
I feel like I've died and gone to heaven.
 in heaven I told her Daddy was in heaven with God.
Our child seemed a gift from heaven.

def: a place or situation in which you are very happy

This isn't exactly my idea of heaven!
 in heaven Shopping is my favourite pastime, so I was in heaven.
 it is heaven doing something It was heaven being away from the office for a week.
The island is truly a heaven on earth.
 heaven for somebody Tasmania is heaven for hikers and campers.

def: the sky

Four tall trees stretched up to the heavens.

---------------

HELL   noun

def: the place believed to be the home of devils and where bad people go after death

He was terrified of going to hell when he died.
 in hell They were threatened with spending eternity in hell.

def: a very unpleasant experience or situation in which people suffer very much

The last three months have been hell.
He went through hell during the trial.
Her parents made her life hell.
Being totally alone is my idea of hell on earth.
He was in a hell of his own making.
 in hell For the last few weeks my whole family has been in hell because of this.
 hell for somebody Since she moved in, life has been hell for the other residents.
 it is hell doing something It was hell getting through airport security.

def: a swear word that some people use when they are annoyed or surprised or to emphasize something. Its use is offensive to some people.

Oh hell, I've burned the pan.
What the hell do you think you are doing?
Go to hell!
I can't really afford it, but, what the hell (= it doesn't matter), I'll get it anyway.
He's as guilty as hell.
 (North American English) Do you understand? Hell, no. I don't.

---------------

HOLY   adjective

def: connected with God or a particular religion

the Holy Bible
holy books/scriptures
the holy city of Mecca
Islams holiest shrine
a holy day/month
a holy war (= one fought to defend the beliefs of a particular religion)
holy ground

def: good in a moral and religious way

a holy life/man

def: used to emphasize that you are surprised, afraid, etc.

Holy cow! What was that?

---------------

MARRIAGE   noun

def: the legal relationship between two people who are married to each other

a happy/an unhappy marriage
All of her children's marriages ended in divorce.
She has two children by a previous marriage.
This is his second marriage.
Same-sex marriages are now recognized in many countries.

def: the state of being married

They don't believe in marriage.
My parents are celebrating 30 years of marriage.
Public support for gay marriage has risen.
 before/outside marriage They strongly disapprove of sex outside marriage.

def: the ceremony in which two people marry each other

Their marriage took place in a local church.

def: a combination of two things

 marriage of A and B The new collection is a marriage of fashion and technology.
 marriage between A and B the marriage between a young team and an experienced coach

---------------

MINISTER   noun

def: a senior member of the government who is in charge of a government department or a branch of one

the Minister of Education
She became minister of education in 2016.
A new minister of defence had been appointed.
a meeting of EU Foreign Ministers
senior ministers in the Cabinet
cabinet/government ministers
the finance/defence/interior/justice minister
The health minister announced 10 billion in extra funding.

def: a trained religious leader

a Methodist minister
He was ordained minister of a small rural congregation.

def: a person, lower in rank than an ambassador, whose job is to represent their government in a foreign country      

---------------

MOSQUE   noun

def: a building where Muslims go to worship (= praise God)

We were woken by the call to prayer from a nearby mosque.

---------------

MUSLIM   adjective

def: believing in and practising Islam; connected with the religion of Islam

a Muslim family
a Muslim name

---------------

MUSLIM   noun

def: a person whose religion is Islam 

---------------

PARADE   noun

def: a public celebration of a special day or event, usually with bands in the streets and decorated vehicles 

the Lord Mayors parade
St Patricks Day parade in New York

def: a formal occasion when soldiers march or stand in lines so that they can be inspected (= looked at and approved) by their officers or other important people

a military parade
They held a parade to mark the soldiers' return.
 on parade They stood as straight as soldiers on parade.
 (figurative) The latest software will be on parade at the exhibition.

def: a series of things or people

Each generation passes through a similar parade of events.

def: a street with a row of small shops

a shopping parade

def: an obvious display of something, particularly in order to impress other people

Social media is a constant parade of wealth, happiness, success and vanity.

---------------

PRAY   verb

def: to speak to God, especially to give thanks or ask for help

They knelt down and prayed.
 pray for somebody/something I'll pray for you.
to pray for peace
 pray to somebody for somebody/something She prayed to God for an end to her sufferings.
 pray to somebody I prayed to the Lord and hoped for the best.
 pray (that) We prayed (that) she would recover from her illness.
 pray to do something He prayed to be forgiven.
 + speech Please God don't let it happen, she prayed.

def: to hope very much that something will happen

 pray for something We're praying for good weather on Saturday.
 pray (that) I prayed that nobody would notice my mistake.
She hoped and prayed that Jessie would be back the next day. 

---------------

PRAYER   noun

def: words that you say to God giving thanks or asking for help

to say your prayers
 prayer for somebody/something prayers for the sick
We offer our prayers for all those who have died in war.
He arrived at that very moment, as if in answer to her prayer.
Their prayers were answered and the child was found safe and well.
 prayer to somebody/something She stopped saying nightly prayers to God. 

def: a fixed form of words that you can say when you speak to God

It was a prayer she had learnt as a child.

def: the act or habit of praying

 in prayer They knelt in prayer.
We believe in the power of prayer.
They held a prayer vigil throughout the night.
spiritual healing through prayer 
a national day of prayer

def: a religious meeting that takes place regularly in which people say prayers

Muslims attend Friday prayers at the mosque.
Students are required to attend prayers twice a week.
We had family prayers before breakfast.

def: a thing that you hope for very much

My prayer is that one day he will walk again.

---------------

PRIEST   noun

def: a person who is qualified to perform religious duties and ceremonies in the Roman Catholic, Anglican and Orthodox Churches

a parish priest
the ordination of women priests
The candles had been blessed by a priest.
the priest who was celebrating Mass
Only one or two new priests were ordained each year. 

def: a person who performs religious ceremonies in some religions that are not Christian

a Hindu/Buddhist priest

---------------

RELIGION   noun

def: the belief in the existence of a god or gods, and the activities that are connected with the worship of them, or in the teachings of a spiritual leader

Is there always a conflict between science and religion?
He believed in God but had no interest in organized religion.
 by religion They are Jewish by religion.

def: one of the systems of faith that are based on the belief in the existence of a particular god or gods, or in the teachings of a spiritual leader

the Jewish religion
Christianity, Islam and other world religions
The law states that everyone has the right to practise their own religion.

def: a particular interest or influence that is very important in your life

For him, football is an absolute religion.
Football has become an alternative religion for many people.

---------------

RELIGIOUS   adjective

def: connected with religion or with a particular religion

religious beliefs/convictions/faith
religious freedom/liberty
religious traditions/practices/ceremonies
religious institutions/organizations
religious education (= education about religion)
religious instruction (= instruction in a particular religion)
a religious order (= group of people living in a religious community)
a religious minority/community
The situation for many ethnic and religious minorities remains dangerous.
religious groups/leaders
religious conservatives
In 2000, the Greek government eliminated religious affiliation from citizens' identity cards.
objects which have a religious significance
a religious house (= a monastery or convent)

def: believing strongly in a particular religion and obeying its laws and practices 

His wife is very religious.
a deeply religious man
Although I'm not particularly religious, I whispered a few words of prayer.
His mother noticed that he had become more religious.

---------------

SERVICE   noun

def: a system that provides something that the public needs, organized by the government or a private company

the ambulance/bus/postal service
The government aims to improve public services, especially education.
Essential services (= the supply of water, gas, electricity) will be maintained.
Councillors have called for better provision of services for young people. 
The charity provides a vital service to the local community.

def: an organization or a company that provides something for the public or does something for the government

the prison service
the BBC World Service
the Foreign Service

def: a business whose work involves doing something for customers but not producing goods; the work that such a business does

financial services
the development of new goods and services
Smith's Catering Services (= a company) offers the best value.
We guarantee (an) excellent service.
We aim to provide a high-quality service.
They offer an after-care service.
Training the staff required to deliver the service remains a challenge.
We are working hard to improve the services that we provide. 
The number of people using the service has fallen.
I am not willing to pay for a service I am not receiving.
We offer clients a broad range of services.
the service sector (= the part of the economy involved in this type of business)
a service industry

def: the serving of customers in hotels, restaurants, and shops

The food was good but the service was very slow.
I complained about the poor service.
10% will be added to your bill for service.

def: the work that somebody does for an organization, etc., especially when it continues for a long time or is admired very much

 service with something She has just celebrated 25 years' service with the company.
 service to something He has retired after 30 years of dedicated service to the local community.
She was presented with a long-service award after 40 years with the firm.
The employees have good conditions of service.
After retiring, she became involved in voluntary service in the local community.

def: the army, the navy and the air force; the work done by people in them

Most of the boys went straight into the services.
He saw service in North Africa.
After service in the US Army, he began his legal career.
the country's military intelligence services
a service family

def: the use that you can get from a vehicle or machine; the state of being used

That computer gave us very good service.
 in service This bus is not in service.
 out of service The ship will be taken out of service within two years.

def: an examination of a vehicle or machine followed by any work that is necessary to keep it operating well

a service engineer
 (British English) I had taken the car in for a service.
 (North American English) I had taken the car in for service.

def: the particular skills or help that a person is able to offer

You need the services of a good lawyer.
 service as somebody/something He offered his services as a driver.

def: a religious ceremony

a funeral/memorial service
A memorial service will be held at St James's Church on Sunday.
More than 100 people attended the service.
to go to morning/evening service

def: a bus, train, etc. that goes regularly to a particular place at a particular time

the cancellation of the 10.15 service to Glasgow

def: a place next to a motorway where you can stop for petrol, a meal, the toilets, etc.

motorway services
It's five miles to the next services.

def: an act of hitting the ball in order to start playing; the way that you hit it 

It's your service (= your turn to start playing).
Her service has improved.

def: a complete set of plates, dishes, etc. that match each other

a tea service (= cups, saucers, a teapot and plates, for serving tea)

def: the state or position of being a servant

to be in/go into service (= to be/become a servant)
a job in domestic service

def: the formal giving of an official document, etc. to somebody

the service of a demand for payment

---------------

SOUL   noun

def: the spiritual part of a person, believed to exist after death

He believed his immortal soul was in peril.
The howling wind sounded like the wailing of lost souls (= the spirits of dead people who are not in heaven).
'Repent now if you want to save your soul,' he cried.
 soul of somebody a prayer for the soul of the deceased
They believe that ghosts are the wandering souls of the departed.

def: a persons inner character, containing their true thoughts and feelings

music that soothes your soul 
The eyes are the windows to the soul. 
in somebody's soul There was a feeling of restlessness deep in her soul.

def: the spiritual and moral qualities of humans in general 

the dark side of the human soul
In my view, fine art feeds the mind and soul.

def: strong and good human feeling, especially that gives a work of art its quality or enables somebody to recognize and enjoy that quality

It was a very polished performance, but it lacked soul.

def: a perfect example of a good quality

He is the soul of discretion.

def: a person of a particular type

She's lost all her money, poor soul.
You're a brave soul.

def: a person

There wasn't a soul in sight (= nobody was in sight).
Don't tell a soul (= do not tell anyone).
 (literary) a village of 300 souls (= with 300 people living there)

def: a type of music that expresses strong emotions, made popular by African American musicians

a soul singer

---------------

SPIRIT   noun

def: the part of a person that includes their mind, feelings and character rather than their body

You are underestimating the power of the human spirit to overcome difficulties.
Yoga is meant to unite the body, mind and spirit.

def: a persons feelings or state of mind

to be in high/low spirits
They were all in good spirits as they set out.
You must try and keep your spirits up (= stay cheerful).
a song that never fails to lift my spirits
My spirits sank at the prospect of starting all over again.

def: a person of the type mentioned

a brave spirit
kindred spirits (= people who like the same things as you)

def: courage, energy or determination

Peter had a good game and showed his true spirit.
They took away his freedom and broke his spirit.
 with spirit Although the team lost, they played with tremendous spirit.

def: feelings of support towards a group, team or society

There's not much community spirit around here.
 spirit of something Officials have praised the cooperative spirit of the joint task force.

def: the typical or most important quality or mood of something

 spirit of something The exhibition captures the spirit of the age/times.

def: a state of mind or mood; an attitude

We approached the situation in the wrong spirit.
OK, I'll try. That's the spirit (= the right attitude).
The party went well because everyone entered into the spirit of things.
I'm trying to get into the spirit of the holiday season.

def: the real or intended meaning or purpose of something

Obey the spirit, not the letter (= the narrow meaning of the words) of the law.

def: the soul thought of as separate from the body and believed to live on after death; a ghost

He is dead, but his spirit lives on.
It was believed that people could be possessed by evil spirits.
a message from the spirit world

def: an imaginary creature with magic powers, for example, a fairy or an elf       alcohol [countable, usually plural] (especially British English) 

def: a strong alcoholic drink

I don't drink whisky or brandy or any other spirits.

def: a special type of alcohol used in industry or medicine 

---------------

SPIRITUAL   adjective

def: connected with the human spirit, rather than the body or physical things

a spiritual experience
spiritual development
His music leads us on a spiritual journey.
the human capacity for spiritual growth 
a lack of spiritual values in the modern world
We're concerned about your spiritual welfare.
I consider myself to have deep moral and spiritual values. 

def: connected with religion

a spiritual leader
Father Joubert was their spiritual adviser.
Buddhist spiritual practice 
For Martin Luther, this is the essence of the spiritual life.

---------------

TEMPLE   noun

def: a building used for the worship of a god or gods, especially in religions other than Christianity

the Temple of Diana at Ephesus
a Buddhist/Hindu/Sikh temple
 (North American English) to go to temple (= to a service in a synagogue, where Jews worship)

def: each of the flat parts at the sides of the head, at the same level as the eyes and higher

He had black hair, greying at the temples.
There was a throbbing in her temples.

---------------

THANKSGIVING   noun

def: a public holiday in the US (on the fourth Thursday in November) and in Canada (on the second Monday in October), originally to give thanks to God for the harvest and for health

We always eat turkey on Thanksgiving.
Are you going home for Thanksgiving?

def: the expression of thanks to God      

---------------

VISION   noun

def: the ability to see; the area that you can see from a particular position

to have good/perfect/poor/blurred/normal vision
Cats have good night vision.
Her vision was still blurry.
The disease causes a gradual loss of peripheral vision.
He glimpsed something on the edge of his vision.

def: sight the area or distance that you can see from a particular position:

He looked up the street, but there was no one in sight.
Leave any valuables in your car out of sight.

def: an idea or a picture in your imagination

Our job is to guide a client and develop a strategic vision.
 vision of somebody/something He had a vision of a world in which there would be no wars.
The word conjures up visions of home and family.
The film's vision of the future is bleak.
 vision of doing something He harboured visions of becoming party leader some day.
 vision of somebody/something doing something I had visions of us getting hopelessly lost.
 vision for somebody/something These two men share a similar vision for the country.
He had a very specific vision for the future.

def: a dream or similar experience, especially of a religious kind

 in a vision The idea came to her in a vision.
He had visions regularly.
 vision of somebody/something She claimed she saw a vision of the Virgin Mary.

def: the ability to think about or plan the future with great imagination and intelligence 

She had vision and determination.
a leader of vision
He's a competent politician, but he lacks vision.

def: a person of great beauty or who shows the quality mentioned

She was a vision in white lace.
a vision of loveliness

def: the picture on a television or cinema screen

We apologize for the loss of vision.

---------------

